Marine Biodiversity
-------------------
1. Intro Paragraph

Marine Biodiversity is about the large amount of diverse speicies of fish, crustations, coral and underwater plants found within our oceans.
The ocean, being one of the largest parts of the earth, contains 2.2 million unique species of both creatures and plants making up 80% of the earths biodiversity.
Like the biodiversity found on the surface, the various fish and plants found below each work a delicate role to maintain the balance of their respective terratory
Many parts of the ocean contain various "hotspots" the are home to rare species that cannot be found anywhere else on the globe.
The biodiversity of the ocean gives our oceans the capability to be resiliant and adaptable to our mistakes on the surface and to keep unique varients from going extinct.

2. Dropboxes Text
2.1 - Fish (what role they play in the biodiversity)
- have various species, aid nutrient cycling and stabilize habitats, regulate predator-prey relationships, graze algae, helping coral health

Fish play a pivitol part in the biodiversity of the ocean through various means.
They populate the ocean with many species such as clownfish, cod and tuna.
They aid in the process of 'nutrient cycling,' a process in which nitrogen, phosporus and carbon are distributed and recycled throughout the ocean which keeps plants like algae and seaweed fed.
They help regulate predator-prey relationships by having species that can eat prey or predators and even both.
Some fish graze on algae which helps the lifespan and health of coral.

Fish play a pivitol part in the biodiversity of the ocean through various means. They populate the ocean with many species such as clownfish, cod and tuna. They aid in the process of 'nutrient cycling,' a process in which nitrogen, phosporus and carbon are distributed and recycled throughout the ocean which keeps plants like algae and seaweed fed. They help regulate predator-prey relationships by having species that can eat prey or predators and even both. Some fish graze on algae which helps the lifespan and health of coral.

2.2 - plants/coral (what role they play in the biodiversity)
plants - provide food and shelter to fish, hold reefs in place/shape, photosythesis

Both underwater plants like seaweed and algae along with coral make great contributions to the biodiversity of marine life. 
Plants help give various species of fish both shelter to hide from prey but also nutrients as many kinds of fish like Achilles Tang and the Atlantic Blue Tang eat algae to survive which ensures their survival and allows the amount of it growing to be maintained
They also help keep reefs in shape as they use root-like limbs called holdfasts to grip onto rocks or coral which helps hold reefs together akin to how trees can hold hills together with their roots.
Despite being underwater, some forms of algae can engage in photosythesis through both carbon dioxcide and sunlight if they are close to the surface, which contributes to 30-50% of the total oxygen on earth, making the health of the ocean highly important for surface life.

2.3 - crustation (what role they play in the biodiversity)
help nutrient cycling, clean parasites from coral and defend them, breakdown the sediment

Crustations, like crabs, shrimps and lobsters partake in similar contributions to fish like nutrient cycling and regulating predator-prey relationships however they take on more interesting roles in the ocean
Certain variations of crab, like the coral gaurd crab and shrimp, protect and activly defend coral reefs from predators that prey on coral like coral eating snails, starfish and barnacles as to protect their homes and sources of food.
Shrimps and Crabs break down and dig in sand and sediment on the ocean bed as to hide in the sand, this helps breakdown large bits of sediment making more sand, oxygenates the sand allowing it to be broken down and releases nitrogen and phoserous helping nutrient cycling.
 
Global Initiatives
------------------
1. intro

With the ocean under constant threat of pollution, overfishing and climate change. Hundreds of organizations have dedicated themselves to tackle the human races neglect of its oceans and provide a better life of both the ocean and its inhabitants aswell as the people who thrive off of it.


